# Steps taken to set up the infrastructure for badgehub.eu
Badgehub itself is quite easy to set up, you need a database and node server.
However, the user authentication is handled by Keycloak, which is a bit more complex to set up.
Below are the steps taken to set up the infrastructure for badgehub.eu:

Note that none of these steps were optional, they were all required to get the application up and running with authentication and a custom domain with SSL certificates.

## Domain, DNS and SSL
- The domain badgehub.eu was purchased and registered on Vimexx.nl
- In Vimexx, we set the nameservers to point to Cloudflare, which is used for DNS management, SSL certificate management and CDN services.
- In Cloudflare, we set up the DNS records for badgehub.eu to point to the IP address of the server where BadgeHub is hosted.
- We enabled proxying for the DNS records in Cloudflare to take advantage of their CDN and DDoS protection services.
- Cloudflare manages the SSL certificates for badgehub.eu, so we enabled the "Full" SSL mode in Cloudflare to ensure that the connection between Cloudflare and our server is also encrypted.
- We created a wildcard subdomain `*.badgehub.eu` in Cloudflare to allow for the use of subdomains for different services (e.g. `keycloak.badgehub.eu` for Keycloak).
- We created an origin certificate in Cloudflare and installed it on the server to secure the connection between Cloudflare and our server.
    - The server is running on Dokploy, in Dokploy, we added the certificates generated by cloudflare.

## BFF Server setup
- We already had a server with Dokploy installed and working and added a project called BadgeHub with a service called BFF.
  - In the BFF, we set the git repository to the BadgeHub repository and set the branch to main and we point it to the infra/badgehub/docker-compose.yml file.
  - We set the environment variables for the BFF service in Dokploy, which will be used by the docker compose file to set up the environment for the Badgehub application.
  - This BFF deployment includes the database container with a volume for data persistence and the Badgehub application container.
  - In the server container settings, we set the domain to `badgehub.eu`

## Keycloak
- Keycloak was set up as a separate service in Dokploy, and in the current setup, we have used Dokploy UIto set up a postgresql database for Keycloak to use and then we used the credentials and hostname of that in a separate Keycloak service.
- This keycloak service is currently set up with a hardcoded docker compose file which was then copied to infra/keycloak/docker-compose.yml.
- We set the Postgres Hostname, port username and password in the Environment settings for that service in Dokploy.
- After we started keycloak, we still had to do some manual config:
 - We logged in and created a new admin user and deleted the bootstrap admin user (with the same username (we temporarily enabled username edit in the realm settings) and password as the one used in the docker compose file).
- We imported the client config (infra/keycloak/badgehub-eu-client.json).
- We set up the email settings after setting up Brevo as described below.
- We enabled email verification for the realm after verifying that it really can send emails in the email settings with the test button.
  - This test email arrived in the spam folder, but actual registration emails seam to arrive in the inbox luckily on gmail.

### Sending emails (needed email verification and password resets): Brevo
- We use Brevo for sending emails, which is required for Keycloak to send verification emails and password reset emails.
- We set up a Brevo account and created smtp credentials for Keycloak to use.
- We also set up a domain and email address for sending emails from Keycloak in Brevo.
- We authenticated the domain in Brevo by adding the provided DNS records to the cloudflare account for badgehub.eu.